Ultimate VC Injector for 3DS/README.md, before:

Ultimate VC Injector for 3DS==================Dieses Setup installiert die *Ultimate VC Injector for 3DS* von Asdolo. Installiert in:    %APPDATA%\Ultimate VC Injector for 3DSPlatziere die Releases in den Ordner "Ultimate-VC-Injector-for-3DS", welcher ein Unterordner dieses Ordners ist.| Name | Ordner | EXE-Pfad  ||:---: |:------:| --------- || [Gameboy](https://wiidatabase.de/3ds-downloads/pc-tools/ultimate-gb-vc-injector-for-3ds/) | GB | Ultimate-VC-Injector-for-3DS\GB\Ultimate GB VC Injector for 3DS.exe || [Gameboy Color](https://wiidatabase.de/3ds-downloads/pc-tools/ultimate-gbc-vc-injector-for-3ds/) | GBC | Ultimate-VC-Injector-for-3DS\GBC\Ultimate GBC VC Injector for 3DS.exe || [Gameboy Advance](https://wiidatabase.de/3ds-downloads/pc-tools/ultimate-gba-vc-injector-for-3ds/) | GBA | Ultimate-VC-Injector-for-3DS\GBA\Ultimate GBA VC Injector for 3DS.exe || [Game Gear](https://wiidatabase.de/3ds-downloads/pc-tools/ultimate-game-gear-vc-injector-for-3ds/) | Game-Gear | Ultimate-VC-Injector-for-3DS\Game-Gear\Ultimate GG VC Injector for 3DS.exe || [NES](https://wiidatabase.de/3ds-downloads/pc-tools/ultimate-nes-vc-injector-for-3ds/) | NES | Ultimate-VC-Injector-for-3DS\NES\Ultimate NES VC Injector for 3DS.exe || [SNES](https://wiidatabase.de/3ds-downloads/pc-tools/ultimate-snes-vc-injector-for-3ds/) | SNES | Ultimate-VC-Injector-for-3DS\SNES\Ultimate SNES VC Injector for 3DS.exe || [TurboGrafx-16/PC Engine](https://wiidatabase.de/3ds-downloads/pc-tools/ultimate-t16-pce-vc-injector-for-3ds/) | T16-PCE | Ultimate-VC-Injector-for-3DS\T16-PCE\Ultimate T16-PCE VC Injector for 3DS.exe

Commit message:

ULTIMATE VC INJECTOR FOR 3DS: * GEN-MD und Web Forwarder Maker for 3DS hinzugefügt * Installer überarbeitet: Besser Komprimierungsalgorithmus (lzma/max -> lzma2/ultra64, Dateigröße erhöht sich nur minimal) * Komponentenauswahl hinzugefügt, bei der einzelne Injector/Forwarder Maker abgewählt werden können

Ultimate VC Injector for 3DS/README.md, after:

Ultimate VC Injector for 3DS==================Dieses Setup installiert die *Ultimate VC Injector for 3DS* von Asdolo. Installiert in:    %APPDATA%\Ultimate VC Injector for 3DSPlatziere die Releases in den Ordner "Ultimate-VC-Injector-for-3DS", welcher ein Unterordner dieses Ordners ist.| Name | Ordner | EXE-Pfad  ||:---: |:------:| --------- || [Gameboy](https://wiidatabase.de/3ds-downloads/pc-tools/ultimate-gb-vc-injector-for-3ds/) | GB | Ultimate-VC-Injector-for-3DS\GB\Ultimate GB VC Injector for 3DS.exe || [Gameboy Color](https://wiidatabase.de/3ds-downloads/pc-tools/ultimate-gbc-vc-injector-for-3ds/) | GBC | Ultimate-VC-Injector-for-3DS\GBC\Ultimate GBC VC Injector for 3DS.exe || [Gameboy Advance](https://wiidatabase.de/3ds-downloads/pc-tools/ultimate-gba-vc-injector-for-3ds/) | GBA | Ultimate-VC-Injector-for-3DS\GBA\Ultimate GBA VC Injector for 3DS.exe || [Game Gear](https://wiidatabase.de/3ds-downloads/pc-tools/ultimate-game-gear-vc-injector-for-3ds/) | Game-Gear | Ultimate-VC-Injector-for-3DS\Game-Gear\Ultimate GG VC Injector for 3DS.exe || [Genesis/Mega Drive](https://wiidatabase.de/3ds-downloads/pc-tools/ultimate-gen-md-forwarder-maker-for-3ds/) | GEN-MD | Ultimate-VC-Injector-for-3DS\GEN-MD\Ultimate GEN-MD Forwarder Maker for 3DS.exe || [NES](https://wiidatabase.de/3ds-downloads/pc-tools/ultimate-nes-vc-injector-for-3ds/) | NES | Ultimate-VC-Injector-for-3DS\NES\Ultimate NES VC Injector for 3DS.exe || [SNES](https://wiidatabase.de/3ds-downloads/pc-tools/ultimate-snes-vc-injector-for-3ds/) | SNES | Ultimate-VC-Injector-for-3DS\SNES\Ultimate SNES VC Injector for 3DS.exe || [TurboGrafx-16/PC Engine](https://wiidatabase.de/3ds-downloads/pc-tools/ultimate-t16-pce-vc-injector-for-3ds/) | T16-PCE | Ultimate-VC-Injector-for-3DS\T16-PCE\Ultimate T16-PCE VC Injector for 3DS.exe || [Web Forwarder Maker](https://wiidatabase.de/3ds-downloads/pc-tools/ultimate-web-forwarder-maker-for-3ds/) | Web | Ultimate-VC-Injector-for-3DS\Web\Ultimate Web Forwarder Maker for 3DS.exe |
